=== 1.0.0 / 2018-11-13

* 4 major enhancements:

  * Everything is passing around Renderer instances now.
  * Moved all drawing primitives to Renderer.
  * Removed rsdl dependency. Plain ruby seems to work fine now.
  * Updated to work with SDL2. This will break some things, but mostly works.

* 58 minor enhancements:

  * #bezier now takes an array of any number (> 4) of points.
  * #blit and #put now do everything in one call. Should be more performant.
  * #blit and #put now use the clear color of their class for the background.
  * #clear will now warn and skip if color isn't known.
  * #fps now takes an optional color
  * #transform/put now explicitly rotate on their bottom-left corner. Shifting x is no longer necessary.
  * AbstractRenderer#initialize clears and presents so frame 0 is correct color.
  * Added DEBUG_COLOR and use it in #debug. Reversed in WhiteBackground.
  * Added Graphics::Drawing#draw_on(texture).
  * Added Renderer#copy_texture.
  * Added Renderer#h and #w to return the output size.
  * Added Renderer#new_texture
  * Added Renderer#target and Renderer#target=
  * Added Renderer_index to read pixels. Painfully slow in comparison.
  * Added SDL::Screen::H & SDL::Screen::W and made available to your #initialize.
  * Added Screen#title=.
  * Added Surface#blit.
  * Added Surface#clear.
  * Added Surface.color_key.
  * Added Window#title and Renderer#title.
  * Added Window#update ? Do I need this?
  * Added caching to texture in Renderer#blit. Massively speeds up boids & walker.
  * Added default (empty) Body#update.
  * Added unary negation to V.
  * Alpha blending is massively improved. Black on white is black.
  * Blit now ensures blending is on.
  * Check for done before paused so `esc` can quit while paused.
  * Extended Renderer#point to optionally read or write a pixel.
  * Improved default window naming to add spaces to the classname.
  * Moved Screen#flip to Renderer#present.
  * Moved Screen#set_title to Window#set_title.
  * Moving everything out of Screen class. Will remove or leave just for constants.
  * Removed KeyEvent#unicode.
  * Removed PixelFormat#colorkey and #alpha.
  * Removed SDL::WM and set_caption. Set titles via screen.title=
  * Removed Screen#update.
  * Removed Simulation#alpha, now built into pixels directly.
  * Removed Surface#color_key and Surface#set_color_key.
  * Removed Surface#flags and Surface#set_alpha.
  * Removed Surface.blit class method.
  * Removed Surface.new. You only create surfaces via Font.render_text and #sprite.
  * Removed bpp argument to AbstractSimulation#initialize.
  * Removed/changed a lot of constants, mostly around KeyEvent handling.
  * Renamed AbstractSimulation#rgb to #rgba. I think this should probably just go?
  * Renamed PixelFormat.get_rgb to get_rgba.
  * Renderer#fast_rect now just calls Renderer#draw_rect w/ true for filled.
  * SDL2 properly supports RGBA. Switched to it entirely.
  * Screen#open now stores off a renderer, window, and texture in the Surface.
  * Screen.open no longer creates or stores a surface. Saves off its own PixelFormat.
  * Search Ubuntu font directories in #find_font. (phiggins)
  * Simulation now defaults to half-width and half-height. No more required args to super.
  * Surface#save now saves off PNG.
  * Switched Renderer and Window to subclass Data, not Surface.
  * Switching to SDL2_gfx for primitive drawing and rotozoom.
  * Transforms now default to anti-aliased rotations.
  * Updated graphics_setup.sh to remove SDL1 and install SDL2 (on OSX).
  * V#magnitude is now cached.
  * graphics_setup.sh will install hoe if necessary.

* 15 bug fixes:

  * Cleaned some off-by-one drawing bugs. I think it is more pixel perfect now?
  * Cleaned up Numeric#degrees.
  * Finished getting to 100% rdoc coverage.
  * Fixed a memory leak in PixelFormat. Might remove it entirely.
  * Fixed a memory leak in collision maps.
  * Fixed an off-by-one in blitting.
  * Fixed bugs in hline and vline not using correct defaults. (joshcheek)
  * Fixed circle and ellipse. Filled + anti-aliased wasn't actually anti-aliased.
  * Fixed examples/boid.rb to rotate bodies again.
  * Fixed examples/canvas.rb to draw in black again.
  * Fixed fps drawing bug in rainbow_fluid.rb
  * Fixed graphics_setup.sh and Rakefile for linux.
  * Functional GoL: use Set vs. Array for faster search. (sotoseattle)
  * Minor fix to examples/bounce.rb for older ruby versions.
  * Removed Graphics::Surface::VideoMemoryLost.

=== 1.0.0b6 / 2016-11-17

I'm still not happy with the color system. I'd love some help to make it more usable.

* 1 major enhancement:

  * Added Graphics::Drawing: a simulation that doesn't double buffer or clear each tick.

* 20 minor enhancements:

  * Added DrawGrid decorator.
  * Added Graphics::Simulation#draw_collection
  * Added Graphics::Simulation#register_bodies
  * Added Graphics::Simulation#register_body
  * Added Screen#save.
  * Added ShowFPS decorator module
  * Added Simulation#done that causes soft exit to allow profiling of apps.
  * Added WhiteBackground decorator.
  * Added cyan and magenta to color dictionary.
  * Added sge_FastFilledRect to sge_primitives.
  * Body#bounce returns true if it did bounce.
  * Defined Graphics::Simulation::CLEAR_COLOR.
  * Graphics::Simulation now stores a collection of collections of bodies. Those bodies are updated and drawn automatically each tick.
  * Graphics::Simulation.clear defaults to CLEAR_COLOR.
  * Improved MVC pattern in Simulation.
  * Pushed Simulation up to AbstractSimulation.
  * Registered more default colors. Should also make arrays of names.
  * Reimplement Body#bounce to use clip & NORMAL. Much cleaner.
  * Split Simulation#draw into pre_draw and post_draw to give overrides more flexibility.
  * Split up Simulation for Drawings.

* 4 bug fixes:

  * Fixed a bug in boid refactoring.
  * Fixed bounce math to try to place the body to where it would bounce. (sotoseattle)
  * No more srand in examples.
  * Only apply friction on #bounce if greater than 0.

=== 1.0.0b5 / 2015-10-31

* 10 minor enhancements:

  * Added Simulation#add_keydown_handler.
  * Added Simulation#keydown_handler, a hash of "key" -> block handlers.
  * Added logging every N ticks for headless simulations or debugging.
  * Switched all default key handlers to keydown handlers.
  * add example: visualization of pi computation
  * Improved key event handling.
  * add example: visualization of pi computation
  * Renamed rubysdl_setup to graphics_setup. rubysdl is out of the picture.
  * Added example rainbow fluid simulation. (litonico)
  * Added rainbows in greyscale, rgb-spectrum, and cubehelix. (litonico)

* 2 bug fixes:

  * Fixed build issues with rubygems.
  * Switched brew install to build universal packages so it can work with stock ruby.

=== 1.0.0b4 / 2015-09-14

* 1 major enhancement:

  * MAJOR rewrite. Replaced rubysdl with my own C extension.
    * This unencumbers me from rubysdl, which was incomplete, LGPL, and hasn't had a commit in over a year.

* 11 minor enhancements:

  * Added Body#angle_to
  * Added Body#distance_to_squared
  * Added Simulation#iter_per_tick and changed update to run that number of
  * Added examples/canvas.rb to show drawing coordinate system.
  * Added maze example from Jamis Buck's Mazes for Programmers.
  * All blits are antialiased and default to 0deg rotation.
  * Removed TTF.init
  * Shift drawing of nearly all things by 1px in y. Makes drawing hline at 0 visible.
  * Text now uses draw_blended_utf8 for smoother text rendering
  * Updated rubysdl_setup.sh to be more correct. Not quite complete yet.
  * Better math. powered by scotch™

* 6 bug fixes:

  * Documented basic attribs of Body.
  * Fixed drawing at y=0. Off by one, yo.
  * Fixed fill_rect for y=0
  * Fixed north/south reporting in clip now that we're in proper q1
  * Fixed polygon refactor
  * Fixed project url and got rdoc upload url set up correctly.

=== 1.0.0b1 / 2015-08-04

* 1 major enhancement

  * Beta Birthday!

=== 1.0.0.a1 / 2015-03-31

* 1 major enhancement

  * Alpha Birthday!

