= graphics

home :: https://github.com/zenspider/graphics
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/graphics

== DESCRIPTION:

Graphics provides a simple framework to implement games and/or
simulations and is designed to follow mathematical conventions, NOT
game programming conventions. Particularly it:

* Uses degrees.
* Draws in quadrant 1 (0-90 degrees).
* Right hand rule: 0 degrees is east, 90 is north, etc.

These allow simple things like Trigonometry functions to work as
expected. It means that all that stuff you were taught it grade school
still work as intended. This makes one less thing you have to adjust
when implementing your simulation.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* REAL MATHS!
* Simple drawing primitives.
* PRETTY drawing primitives! Nearly everything is anti-aliased.
* Plenty of helpers to make your code clean

== SYNOPSIS:

See examples/*.rb

== REQUIREMENTS:

* rsdl
* ruby-sdl
* libsdl & friends

See and/or run rubysdl_setup.sh. If you're on OSX and have homebrew
installed, running this will ensure you have a working setup.

You may want to run `brew update` beforehand to ensure you get
up-to-date versions.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install graphics

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
